There are lots of options when it comes to starting your store in rural areas which are needed to meet the day to day requirements of the villagers. Some of them are explained below:

1. Seeds and fertilisers store: You will be able to earn a decent income from these type of stores as the farmers are in constant need of seeds and fertilisers and the amount of investment in these types of businesses is also not much.
2. Grocery store: As competition is very less in villages; hence a grocery store can prove to be a lucrative business idea. You can even start a grocery store from your home all you need is proper knowledge of how much stock you need to buy, and along with that, you have to do proper calculations, planning, and a little hard work.
3. Ice-cream/Sweets store: Which village or town doesn’t need an ice-cream store. Ice-cream store is always going to be a success either it’s a rural area or an urban area. Every area has kids, so the demand for ice-cream will always be there. Demand for sweets will be there both by the kids and adults, and you can do huge business in the festive seasons. Even women can start a sweet business from their home.
4. Clothing store: Clothes are a basic necessity of the people, and it can turn out to be a profitable business since there are not much clothing stores in villages. This business also not require
very much investment except for a shop or you can even start it at your home, and if you offer good quality, then there will be good profits because of the high demands of clothes in the market.
5. Chemist store: It’s impossible that people don’t fall sick hence, this business will never see a lack in demand throughout the year. This business is also like starting a grocery store where you need to do proper planning and calculations.
6. Repair Store: A small scale repair shop is a must in every area to provide repairable items to small scale factories and even for day to day household needs like bathroom fittings and even for vehicles etc.

You can also Sell your Goods in cities by contacting directly contacting them:->

For Cereals Business Contact at-> cerealbus33@gmail.com
For Vegetable and Fruits Business Contact at-> veggiesbus@gmail.com
